[STORY-1877] Introducing the new Limited Collaborator role (#3212)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/platform/user-management/2000-01-01-user-management.md

---
title: User and Access Management
modified_at: 2025-06-25 00:00:00
tags: account user access
index: 1
---

Scalingo allows you to easily collaborate with others while maintaining full control over your applications, databases and environments.

> This section will help you understand how to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section will help you to:
```

Reviewer: understand is not actually applicable to all section listed below. For instance we "just" give information about lower granularity of the permissions. I don't think it deals with understand...

* [Manage your collaborators]({% post_url platform/user-management/2000-01-01-manage-collaborators %})

> * [Understand the different user roles and their permissions]({% post_url platform/user-management/2000-01-01-roles %})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Get high level understanding of the different user roles and their permissions]({% post_url platform/user-management/2000-01-01-roles %})
```

> * [View the full collaborator permissions matrix]({% post_url platform/user-management/2000-01-01-permission-matrix %})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Have a deeper look into the full collaborator permissions via the permission matrix for each section]({% post_url platform/user-management/2000-01-01-permission-matrix %})
```
